then when to think that I
little girl in school will
be engaged in the reviews of technology so far
so far have folders and grandfather very
for a long time to explain what I do advertising
grandma do very dissatisfied
facial expression advertising video blog
empty jars for cosmetics too
of course you can try some
take off on the channel and there are already 400
subscribers and everything you need for
In order to start she camcorder there
inexpensive can do everything for you and grandfather
also do not have to earn some money by the operator
he is our business
and today I have the best girlfriend in my hands
video blogger canon legria mini
ps
the size of the camera jester type as a pack
cigarettes only slightly wider and weighing 159
grams of glossy plastic a lot but
say he is annoying so there is no camera
we do not know white
I better take off a pack of cigarettes
would prefer a smartphone well yes you can and
smartphone un kind of like this
and despite the apparent
the primitiveness of this here legs it is not
only allows you to set the camera under
tilt but also fix it on every
starts clothespins and ending with scotch
quite good free
alternative mount in the same go about
the screen is here with a diagonal of 27 inches
enough to shoot
yourself at arm's length either
view field entry results
conditions
there are no other control buttons and
it's not very convenient all the time
poke at the screen
and this is not always convenient considering that
still camera action by the way were
waterproof and shockproof case in
The kit is not originally included, but
lens with a viewing angle of 160 degrees and
aperture 2 and 8 there we are not worth
fear that all your videos will be in
fisheye format
thanks to 13 mega pixel bmw
back light arrays and
digic 4 processor camera practically
without loss of quality can shoot in a cope
71 degree viewing mode for full
edit but need only 2 megapixels in total
useful implemented much better than
most autofocus smartphones by the way
no everything from 10 centimeters and beyond
there will be a very high quality video
good more than youtube
good detail wide
dynamic range and small
amount of noise even in the evening
quality is better than 99 percent of smartphones
practically not inferior to that in
goopro and how is optical enough for me
stabilizer because of what the video on the go
enough shaking and 13 megapixel
pictures for the camera by the way are very cool
sound is written in stereo and in this
plan hive grammy not everything ok microphone and
not bad wind noise flowing sound is written
without reloading even at concerts good
stereo and detail but there are
one but there is no input for external
microphone format their minds cinema guides
25 frames per second or 720p with
doubled and
VJ with teaches boiled frame rate
all this is played on normal
speed besides there is a mode
deceleration of 2 or 4 times
and you can still shoot timelaps when
the camera makes short videos through
certain intervals of 5
seconds to ten minutes and then sticks together
them in one video by the way know where u
device up is not necessarily how would you
it did not turn the sensor under costs
image as it should card clinic
micro sd
and there is wi-fi with which you can
control it run the process
Recording on a smartphone or tablet, and even
stream video to mobile device
truth arrange online broadcast not
It turns out because the wifi access point in
case of connection with mobile device
advocates camera work time
Most action cameras are usually not very
the name was no exception
depending on the format chosen and
use of the display can be calculated
for 60 80 minutes however for issues
Vloga is quite enough in the camera menu
traditional for photo and video cameras canon
convenient and visual we certainly are not
convenient as a goal for the simplest
settings on the report 20 times and listen
19 peaks on it was sarcasm if that
there are no manual modes but there is a large
the number of scene modes among
which foods fashion touring
I hope your photos will be better than those
that almost jessica alba in instagram
soar what a terrible instagram is
built-in asterisks fixed hearts
if such other things that often and thickly
used by many famous bloggers in
Generally if you decide to try your
forces in the vloging
and do not get carried away extreme
sports
canon legria mini is probably optimal
pocket size option
great photo and video quality
wide-angle lens and just such
cool and tilt display solution
and a stand with oh if I shot
format vlohov and I would have such
the camera to Sasha left without work
by many
channel and if you like our format
like us subscribe and
repost
kovente
and now i'm gonna make you a video about my own
shopping if you're interested then
stay with me so first thing i
bought it yesterday and I literally came
the basket is great here
hooks attached to the wheel that you
invest for someone animal
you want to ride with you
the animal is very afraid and trembles in my
case this is such an animal
Today we rode very much
and the second thing i have is galaxy s5
who else in my opinion has become very much
cool and I want how I liked
most of all this is what he is now
black and white and right on the main screen
large calculator true without logarithm
it did not like it and sasha also
button it
mac pro and if you want there and you
take off on it a review you write in
comments do you want an overview from
samples and now the main question Sasha how
you